So with any job, with any profession, any career, there are going to be
something. So one of the things up A night it is the long underway
tours. So I thought I was away for, uh, 6 to 8 months. Once I was waiting
even longer. My first child, my daughter, was born two weeks
before my ship got underway for deployment. A little baby girl was born
no bigger than my forearm, but her and her mother on a plane stay
with her mother in Pebble Beach, California and I went and I deployed
for 10 months. So sea duty. It is very hard not only on yourself
on the family very hard, and that's one of things that you know. It's
a it's a negative, but you've got to figure out a way to deal with
that. And you've got to be very reticent about you know, your your
your time there, and you've got to be very old bit with your spouse
and with your family about what it takes to be a naval officer